

<!-- Page 1 -->

Oxide Oxide Surfaces, Surfaces, From From Bulk Bulk to to Nanoparticles Nanoparticles
Types Types of of data data produced produced
Types Types of of data, data, samples, samples, physical physical collections, collections, software, software, curriculum curriculum materials, materials, and and other other
materials materials to to be be produced produced in in the the course course of of the the project. project.
There will be in general x types of data generated for this research. The following will outline each
type and how it will all be collected, processed, and stored.
1. Transmission electron microscopy (TEM) images
1. File File type: type: .dm3, .dm4, .tiff, etc. (image files)
2. Captured: Captured: Using TEMs at different facilities
3. Processed: Processed: Generally using DigitalMicrograph, but also ImageJ, MacTempasX, and other
types of image analysis programs
2. X-ray diffraction patterns
1. File File type: type: .txt
2. Captured: Captured: Using X-ray diffractometers
3. Processed: Processed: Will be plotted in Origin or similar data plotting software. Data analysis will
primarily be conducted using MDI Jade. Python or Mathematica may be employed for
further analysis.
3. Sample statistics
1. File File type: type: Likely spreadsheets (.xlsx)
2. Captured: Captured: Will vary, likely couting statistics
3. Processed: Processed: Will vary depending on what is being measured
4. Spectorscopy (e.g. EDX, EELS, XPS)
1. File File type: type: Native software file types
2. Captured: Captured: TEMs
3. Processed: Processed: Native software, Python, Mathematica, etc.
Quality Quality Assurance/Control Assurance/Control
All data will be analyzed for any relevant information for each experiment. In addition, all data will
be saved for future reference in case any more information is needed for future analysis.
Data Data and and metadata metadata standards standards
Standards Standards to to be be used used for for data data and and metadata metadata format format and and content content (where (where existing existing standards standards
are are absent absent or or deemed deemed inadequate, inadequate, this this should should be be documented documented along along with with any any proposed proposed


<!-- Page 2 -->

solutions solutions or or remedies). remedies).
All data acquired will be linked back to the specific sample tested. The samples are typically
nanoparticles, which will be identified according to the date synthesized. Synthesis conditions and
post-processing will be notated in a lab notebook accordingly.
In addition, metadata may be needed for the instrument conditions used for acquiring. In general,
these will apply for each type of data:
1. TEM
Microscope used
Accelerating voltage
Imaging/Diffraction mode
Relevant apertures
Probe size
Camera length
2. XRD
1. Instrument used
2. X-ray source
3. Acquisition time
3. Spectroscopy
1. Instrument used
2. Relevant settings (e.g. probe size)
3. Acquisiton time
4. Any data smoothing or processing method
5. Normalization method used
Metadata will be stored primarily in the file name of each dataset acquired. Additionally, it may be
notated in the lab notebook used when acquiring.
Policies Policies for for access access and and sharing, sharing, and and provisions provisions for for appropriate appropriate protection/privacy protection/privacy
Policies Policies for for access access and and sharing; sharing; Provisions Provisions for for appropriate appropriate protection protection of of privacy, privacy,
confidentiality, confidentiality, security, security, intellectual intellectual property, property, or or other other rights rights or or requirements. requirements.
All data will be stored on the research group RAID server, which may be made available in a shared
folder upon request. Depending on the type of data, specific software may be needed to read
propietary file formats. Such details will be explained if requested. There should not be any delay or
embargo periods on the data acquired for this research. If there is, this data management plan will be


<!-- Page 3 -->

updated.
Policies Policies and and provisions provisions for for re-use, re-use, re-distribution re-distribution
Policies Policies and and provisions provisions for for re-use, re-use, re-distribution, re-distribution, and and the the production production of of derivatives. derivatives.
Permission to re-use or re-distribute data will be granted within reasonable request. The source of the
data must be adequately acknowleged if used, and the appropriate citation should be made if
available.
Plans Plans for for archiving archiving and and preservation preservation
Plans Plans for for archiving archiving data, data, samples, samples, and and other other research research products, products, and and for for preservation preservation of of
access access to to them. them.
All data will be stored and archived in our research group's RAID server, which already incorporates
data redundancy for backups. It will remain there for at least 5 years after the release of the
corresponding publication or project. All data require for the creation of a research manuscript will
be stored. Additional data acquired will also be stored for future reference in the research group.
Data may be compressed as necessary for data sharing. Metadata files will be stored in appropriate
directories to detail what is being stored in the server.